Update installation README (#974)
integr8ly/installation: README.adoc

= Overview

> The purpose of this repository is to provide a set of Ansible playbooks that can be used to install a range of Red Hat middleware products on an Openshift cluster.

Reviewer: Pretty sure we only support running the playbook either on the PDS bastion or via tower so maybe we can re-word this to something like 
"The purpose of this repository is to provide a set of Ansible playbooks that can be used to install a range of Red Hat middleware products via Ansible Tower or RHPDS"

= Overview

> The purpose of this repository is to provide a set of Ansible playbooks that can be used to install a range of Red Hat middleware products via Ansible Tower or RHPDS

Reviewer 2: I would add a `.` at the end of this sentence because it renders as `Ansible Tower or RHPDS These products include`

These products include:

> * Single Sign On

Reviewer 2: There are a few more services here we could add, I think this list is outdated

Author: What are the names of the services and ill add it in

> * Eclipse Che

Reviewer 3: Given that the list is made up of RH products, and non RH products/projects, can probably update the 'Overview' section above e.g. `can be used to install a range of Red Hat middleware products & other projects via Ansible Tower on OpenShift`

* Launcher
* 3Scale
* Fuse 

> * Rhsso

Reviewer 3: Can remove Rhsso as it's the same as Single Sign On

Author: oh didnt know that, ill eventually know these acronyms haha

* Gitea

> * Apicurrito

Reviewer 3: Apicurito

== Installation Steps

> The following will provide information on how to install Integreatly on a openshift cluster via a bastion host.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following will provide information on how to install Integreatly on an Openshift cluster via a bastion host.
```

//:numbered:

> #### 1. Sign into your bastion host and become root of the host

Reviewer 2: Not sure if we still need to add these numbers

[source,shell]

```
ssh -i /path/ocpkey.pem ec2-user@bastion.NAME-GUID.openshiftworkshop.com

sudo -i
```

#### 2. Clone installation GIT repository on the bastion host

[source,shell]
```
git clone https://github.com/integr8ly/installation.git
```

#### 3. Obtain your openshift master hostname using the following command

__NOTE__: This hostname will be needed in a following step to allow connection to your cluster

[source,shell]

```

> oc get nodes

Reviewer 2: Could do an `oc get nodes | grep master` to just print the master node

```

#### 4. Create the inventory hosts file

. Create the host file based on the template(`../inventories/hosts.default`) located in the inventories directory.
+
[source,shell]
----
cp inventories/hosts.template inventories/hosts
----
. Update the host file master.evals.example.com with the master hostname from the previous step.
+

[source]
----
~/installation/inventories/hosts

[local:vars]
ansible_connection=local

run_master_tasks=true

[local]
127.0.0.1

[OSEv3:children]
master

[OSEv3:vars]
ansible_user=ec2-user

[master]

> 127.0.0.1

Reviewer 2: We might want to leave this as `master.evals.example.com`, localhost might be misleading

Author: That was taken directly from the hosts.template. Thats what the user will see when they copy from hosts.template to hosts

----

#### 5. Check the connection with the OpenShift cluster

> Run the following command to check the connection with the OpenShift cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run the following command to verify the connection to the OpenShift cluster.
```
Might be slightly more clear

[source,shell]
```
ansible -m ping all
```

Output:

[source,shell]

```

> `ansible -m ping all

Reviewer: Could we remove this back tick.

== Installation Steps

> The following will provide information on how to install Integreatly on a openshift cluster via a bastion host.

Reviewer: We can also reword this to say RHPDS. Might actually be worth adding a prereq to say we need a running RHPDS cluster.

Author: Ok cool ill reword this and the above comment and and to the prereq

:numbered:
== Sign into your bastion host and become root of the host

[source,shell]
----
ssh -i /path/ocpkey.pem ec2-user@bastion.NAME-GUID.openshiftworkshop.com

sudo -i

----
== Clone installation GIT repository on the bastion host

[source,shell]
----
git clone https://github.com/integr8ly/installation.git
----

== Obtain your openshift master hostname using the following command

__NOTE__: This hostname will be needed in a following step to allow connection to your cluster

[source,shell]
----
oc get nodes
----

== Create the inventory hosts file

> . Create the host file based on the template(`../inventories/hosts.default`). Following the an example.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion:
```suggestion
Create the host file based on the template found in the inventories directory (`../inventories/hosts.default`):
```

}
----

== Create GitHub OAuth to enable GitHub authorization

. Login into GitHub
. Go to `Settings >> Developer Settings >> New OAuth App`. Following an image as example to ilustrate this area.
+
image::https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7708031/48856646-dea13780-edae-11e8-9999-16b61dcc05ca.png[GitHub OAuth App]

. Add the following fields values
+
.Fields values descriptions
|===
|Field |Value
|Application Name
|Any value
|Home Page URL
|http://localhost
|Authorization callback URL
|http://localhost
|===
+
IMPORTANT: The callback URL is a placeholder for now and will be changed after the installation playbook is finished.

. Click on `Register Application`
. The values found in GitHub OAuth App, `Client ID` and `Client Secret`, will be needed in the next step to install Integreatly.

> image::https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7708031/48856868-7141d680-edaf-11e8-836f-4d533f8ed402.png[GitHub OAuth App Fields]

Reviewer 2: This image doesn't seem to be rendering correctly for me

| datasync | Whether DataSync components will be installed or not | `true`
|===

#### 8. Run the playbook

[source,shell]
----

>  ansible-playbook -i inventories/hosts playbooks/install.yml -e github_client_id=<your_client-id> -e github_client_secret=<your_client_secret>

Reviewer 2: I would also point out the `-e eval_self_signed_certs=true` flag for self signed certs (maybe as a note below alongside the other note)

Author: ok didnt know about that flag will add it

----
====

#### 9. Add the generated Authorization callback URL to GitHub OAuth

> Replace the authorization callback URL previously conatining a temporary localhost value with the output of the installation seen below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Replace the authorization callback URL previously containing a temporary localhost value with the output of the installation seen below.
```

> image::https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7708031/48856455-528f1000-edae-11e8-8c1a-f0b37a1049ce.png[integr8ly WebApp]

Reviewer: Unrelated to your changes, if you have a running cluster could we update this image to latest version of the web app?

Reviewer 2: Yeah agreed, in general we should just avoid using screenshots if possible because they do tend to get outdated quite quickly

> TIP: The project https://github.com/integr8ly/tutorial-web-app[Webapp] is responsible for the Integraly interface. You can find the URL looking for the router created for this project. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TIP: The project https://github.com/integr8ly/tutorial-web-app[Webapp] is responsible for the Integreatly interface. You can find the URL looking for the router created for this project. 
```

image::https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7708031/48856461-5884f100-edae-11e8-92ca-ef4c93f8961f.png[integr8ly WebApp Router]

> Also, with the *evals* users created by the installer is possible to check the services in the OpenShift catalog.

Reviewer 2: This could probably be rephrased as well
